Split manifest generation to produce both v1/v1beta1 CRDs (#4489)
elastic/cloud-on-k8s: docs/operating-eck/upgrading-eck.asciidoc

IMPORTANT: If you are running Openshift 3.11 or a Kubernetes version older than 1.13, and want to upgrade from beta, jump to the <<{p}-ga-openshift, upgrade instructions for older Kubernetes releases>>.

> This release moves the link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/extend-kubernetes/custom-resources/custom-resource-definitions/[CustomResourceDefinitions] (CRD) used by ECK to the v1 version. If you are upgrading from a previous version of ECK the new version of the CRDs have to replace the existing CRDs. If removing the current ECK installation is not an option because you have production workloads that must not be deleted, then the following approach is recommended:

Reviewer: Should it be `Release 1.7.0 moves` to have a constant version ?

> Release 1.7.0 moves the link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/extend-kubernetes/custom-resources/custom-resource-definitions/[CustomResourceDefinitions] (CRD) used by ECK to the v1 version. If you are upgrading from a previous version of ECK the new version of the CRDs have to replace the existing CRDs. If removing the current ECK installation is not an option because you have production workloads that must not be deleted, then the following approach is recommended:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Release 1.7.0 moves the link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/extend-kubernetes/custom-resources/custom-resource-definitions/[CustomResourceDefinitions] (CRD) used by ECK to the v1 version. If you upgrade from a previous version of ECK, the new version of the CRDs replace the existing CRDs. If you cannot remove the current ECK installation because you have production workloads that must not be deleted, the following approach is recommended:
```

[source,shell,subs="attributes,callouts"]

> .If you are installing using the YAML manifests: replace existing CRDs

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
.If you are installing using the YAML manifests, replace existing CRDs:
```

----
kubectl replace -f https://download.elastic.co/downloads/eck/{eck_version}/crds.yaml
----

[NOTE]
================================

> If you skipped a release in which new CRDs where introduced, you will see an error message similar to `Error from server (NotFound): error when replacing "config/crds.yaml": customresourcedefinitions.apiextensions.k8s.io ... not found`.  To add the missing CRDs run

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you skipped a release in which new CRDs where introduced, you will see an error message similar to `Error from server (NotFound): error when replacing "config/crds.yaml": customresourcedefinitions.apiextensions.k8s.io ... not found`. To add the missing CRDs run:
```

[source,shell,subs="attributes"]
----
kubectl create -f https://download.elastic.co/downloads/eck/{eck_version}/crds.yaml`
----

================================
Then upgrade the remaining objects with the operator manifest:
[source,shell,subs="attributes,callouts"]
----
kubectl apply -f https://download.elastic.co/downloads/eck/{eck_version}/operator.yaml
----

[source,shell,subs="attributes,callouts"]

> .If you are running a version of Kubernetes before 1.16: use the legacy manifests

Reviewer 3: I understand `before` as strictly less than.
```suggestion
.If you are running a version of Kubernetes less than or equal to 1.16, use the legacy manifests:
```

Author: But you are fine with using the new manifests with 1.16

----
kubectl replace -f https://download.elastic.co/downloads/eck/{eck_version}/crds-legacy.yaml
kubectl apply -f https://download.elastic.co/downloads/eck/{eck_version}/operator-legacy.yaml
----

[source,shell,subs="attributes,callouts"]
.If you are using Helm: force upgrade the CRD chart to move to the v1 CRDs
----

> helm upgrade eck-operator elastic/eck-operator-crds -n elastic-system --force

Reviewer: Maybe `elastic-operator` instead of `eck-operator` to be consistent with the [Helm documentation](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/cloud-on-k8s/master/k8s-install-helm.html#k8s-install-helm-global) ?
```suggestion
helm upgrade elastic-operator elastic/eck-operator-crds -n elastic-system --force
```

----

Then upgrade the main chart as usual:
[source,shell,subs="attributes,callouts"]
----

> helm upgrade eck-operator elastic/eck-operator -n elastic-system

Reviewer: Same as above:
```suggestion
helm upgrade elastic-operator elastic/eck-operator -n elastic-system
```
